add hint to make use of CLI cilium kernel-check in system requirements (#13164)
cilium-team/cilium: Documentation/install/system_requirements.rst

.. [#iproute2_foot] Requires support for eBPF templating as documented
   :ref:`below <iproute2_requirements>`.

.. hint:: 

>     ``cilium kernel-check`` can be invoked  as a Kubernetes Job  
>     in order to check whether the machine is fulfilling  eBPF capabilities: 

Reviewer: Small wording and double spaces nit:

```suggestion
    ``cilium kernel-check`` can be invoked as a Kubernetes Job  
    in order to check whether the machine fulfills eBPF capabilities: 
```

>     ``cilium kernel-check`` can be invoked  as a Kubernetes Job  
>     in order to check whether the machine is fulfilling  eBPF capabilities: 

Reviewer 2: Or maybe `provides` instead? I think this would be a bit more natural:

```suggestion
    ``cilium kernel-check`` can be invoked as a Kubernetes Job  
    in order to check whether the machine provides the relevant eBPF capabilities: 
```
